icons overview for testing and doc for offline development (#199)
helloflask/bootstrap-flask: README.md

and will be removed in 3.0.

> ## Overview of icons

Reviewer: I think it's better to move this section to the README file under the examples folder.

Besides, it will be helpful to mention the icons page in the icon page.

Author: done

The example applications contain a page called icons which gives an overview
of all icons supported by this version of Bootstrap-Flask. This overview can be
used for testing purposes but is also offline documentation on the icons
available.

> When Bootstrap-Flask maintenance this requires, these overviews can be upgraded

Reviewer: Maybe update to this?
```suggestion
When Bootstrap-Flask updated the icons file, this overview page can be upgraded
```

Author: Done in improved form

with:

```
$ cd examples

> $ pip generate.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ python generate.py
```

Author: done
